Add Documentation for Astronomer Hosted Data Plane (#1338)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-aws.md

Creating Astro clusters on the Astronomer cloud eliminates the need for your organization to manage a dedicated cloud account for Astro.

For a complete list of the AWS resources that Astronomer support provisions in your AWS account, see [Resource usage](resource-reference-aws.md).

<Tabs
    defaultValue="byoc"
    groupId= "byoc"
    values={[
        {label: 'Self-hosted', value: 'byoc'},
        {label: 'Astronomer-hosted', value: 'astronomer hosted data plane'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="byoc">

To install Astro on your existing AWS cloud instance, you'll complete the following tasks:

- Create an account on Astro.
- Share AWS account information with Astronomer support.
- Create a cross-account IAM role that Astro can assume within your new AWS account.

Astronomer support will create a cluster within your AWS account that hosts the resources and Apache Airflow components necessary to deploy DAGs and execute tasks. If you'd like to support more than 1 Astro cluster, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

> ## Prerequisites

Author: @paolaperaza I have implemented the first change you requested.

- VPC Name / ID for peering with Astronomer (accessible through the [AWS VPC console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/)).
- The IP addresses of your DNS servers.

## Access Astro

1. Go to https://cloud.astronomer.io/ and create an Astronomer account.

> 2. Go to `https://cloud.astronomer.io`, enter your email address, and then click **Continue**.

Author: @paolaperaza you need to create your account and then return to log in. I've tested this.

> 3. Select one of the following options to access the Cloud UI:

Reviewer: Feels weird to say `Select` because you don't select, you just "do it"?

Author: @paolaperaza from our chosen style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/198266810-378dad23-9991-4df8-a744-98a14d709f97.png)

_Select_ is correct here.

    - Enter your password and click **Continue**.

>     - To authenticate with an identity provider (IdP), click **Continue with SSO**, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**.

Reviewer: Thoughts on still keeping the "tip" for IdP? If this is the first cluster and install, there's just no way the customer will already have an IdP set up -- I think ok to leave that one as is

(the rest you can use to create your account so it's fine)

    - To authenticate with your GitHub account, click **Continue with GitHub**, enter your username or email address, enter your password, and then click **Sign in**.
    - To authenticate with your Google account, click **Continue with Google**, choose an account, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**.

>     If you're the first person in an Organization to authenticate, you're added as a Workspace Admin to a new Workspace named after your Organization. You can add other team members to the Workspace without the assistance of Astronomer support. See [Add a user](add-user.md). To integrate an identity provider (IdP) with Astro, see [Set up an identity provider](configure-idp.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're the first person in your Organization to authenticate, you'll be granted Organization owner permissions. You can create a Workspace and add other team members to the Workspace without the assistance of Astronomer support. See [Create a Workspace](manage-workspaces.md#create-a-workspace) and [Add a user](add-user.md). To integrate an identity provider (IdP) with Astro, see [Set up an identity provider](configure-idp.md).
```

(or it's fine, you can keep IdP here -- tip seems nice but I don't feel strongly)

> ## Retrieve an external ID from the Cloud UI

Author: @paolaperaza this is existing content that I didn't create. Typically, a single step procedure doesn't require numbering.  However, this isn't a single step procedure! I have edited and rewritten the procedure.

If you do not specify configuration preferences, Astronomer creates a cluster with `m5.xlarge` nodes and a maximum node count of 20 in `us-east-1`. For information on all supported regions, configurations, and defaults, see [Resources required for Astro on AWS](resource-reference-aws.md).

## Astronomer support creates the cluster

> After you've created the cross-account IAM role for Astro, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). Astronomer support will finish creating the cluster in your AWS account.

Author: @paolaperaza I have restructured this content so an admonition isn't necessary.

## Astronomer support creates the cluster

After you've created the cross-account IAM role for Astro, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). Astronomer support will finish creating the cluster in your AWS account.

This process can take some time. Wait for confirmation from Astronomer support that the cluster has been created before creating a Deployment.

If you submitted a VPC peering request, you'll need to accept the request from Astronomer after Astro is installed. To accept the request, see [Create a VPC peering connection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/create-vpc-peering-connection.html).

When VPC peering with Astronomer is complete, configure and validate the following items to ensure successful network communications between Astro and your resources:

- Egress Routes on Astronomer Route Table
- [Network ACLs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-network-acls.html#nacl-tasks) and/or [Security Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html#working-with-security-groups) rules of your resources

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="astronomer hosted data plane">

> When providing hosting services, Astronomer adheres to industry best practices and standards including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Service Organization Control 2 (SOC2), and  General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 

Reviewer 2: should "providing hosting services" be "providing hosted services"?

Author: @melugoyal - _hosting_ refers to the business of providing a _service_ that houses, serves, and maintains files for another business. _Hosted_ is used with _Astronomer_ to form the hyphenated compound word _Astronomer-hosted_ to describe the function that this hosting service performs. Not sure if this makes sense, but that's the rationale.

Author: I did miss a comma though!

>- Egress Routes on Astronomer Route Table
>- [Network ACLs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-network-acls.html#nacl-tasks) and/or [Security Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html#working-with-security-groups) rules of your resources

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="astronomer hosted data plane">

> When hosting your environment, Astronomer adheres to industry best practices and standards including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Service Organization Control 2 (SOC2), and  General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 

Author: @paolaperaza this information currently appears at the "top of the doc". We discussed this at our stand up and you agreed that this is the correct location for this information.
